README.md, before:

# possible-tfc-modpack
 A modpack centered around TerraFirmaCraft, Create, Immersive Engineering, and a few others on 1.18.2
 
 IE textures provided by [Updated Engineering](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/texture-packs/updated-engineering)
 
# Images
 - Retextures of GunsWithoutRoses items are completely made by me
 - The textures in [metal/full/](https://github.com/Notenoughmail/possible-tfc-modpack/tree/main/kubejs/assets/kubejs_tfc/textures/block/metal/full) are recolors of the [Vexxed Vanilla's](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/texture-packs/terrafirmacraft-vexxed-vanilla) brass equivalent using a stripped palette of the respective IE storage block[^1]
 - All lead ore blocks and items are recolours of TFC's equivalent gold ores
 - The leather pouch is a lightly edited copy of Tool Belt's tool pouch
 - The capacitor frame tops are lightly edited copies of IE's capacitor tops
 - The brazier edit is a mix of TFC and Create assets
 - The [window retextures](https://github.com/Notenoughmail/possible-tfc-modpack/tree/main/kubejs/assets/create/textures/block/palettes) are retextures of Create's default textures (or heavily based on them) using VV's (or this pack's own) metal/full/'s corresponding to the window task in [#1](https://github.com/Notenoughmail/possible-tfc-modpack/issues/1) [^2]
 - The electrum, constantan, and lead [ingot, sheet, double ingot,](https://github.com/Notenoughmail/possible-tfc-modpack/commit/8e3d8378c364dc8ccdf3349d78c08a482fcb06e7) and [rod](https://github.com/Notenoughmail/possible-tfc-modpack/tree/main/kubejs/assets/immersiveposts/textures/items) textures are based on VV's items using UE's colors for those materials
 - In the track retextures, the ties are based off of IE's concrete and treated wood blocks/items and the rails use VV's steel palette
 
 [^1]: The hope is to have VV shipped with the pack [just like UE](https://github.com/Notenoughmail/possible-tfc-modpack/blob/main/resourcepacks/updated-engineering.pw.toml) but the CF page doesn't mention it like UE's and I've been putting off reaching out about it ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯
 
 [^2]: UE's colors were not used as it does not touch the block, and blocks and items tend to have somewhat different coloring

Commit message:

Rocket Man
-That's right you're getting a rocket
-Update mods
-Rubber stuff
-Tweak recipes
-Handle PipeCollisionEvents
-Remove most optimization mods
-Add ModernFix, GeckoLib

README.md, after:

# possible-tfc-modpack
 A modpack centered around TerraFirmaCraft, Create, Immersive Engineering, and a few others on 1.18.2
 
 IE textures provided by [Updated Engineering](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/texture-packs/updated-engineering)
 
# Images
 - Retextures of GunsWithoutRoses items are completely made by me
 - The textures in [metal/full/](https://github.com/Notenoughmail/possible-tfc-modpack/tree/main/kubejs/assets/kubejs_tfc/textures/block/metal/full) are recolors of the [Vexxed Vanilla's](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/texture-packs/terrafirmacraft-vexxed-vanilla) brass equivalent using a stripped palette of the respective IE storage block
 - All lead ore blocks and items are recolours of TFC's equivalent gold ores
 - The leather pouch is a lightly edited copy of Tool Belt's tool pouch
 - The capacitor frame tops are lightly edited copies of IE's capacitor tops
 - The brazier edit is a mix of TFC and Create assets
 - The [window retextures](https://github.com/Notenoughmail/possible-tfc-modpack/tree/main/kubejs/assets/create/textures/block/palettes) are retextures of Create's default textures (or heavily based on them) using VV's (or this pack's own) metal/full/'s corresponding to the window task in [#1](https://github.com/Notenoughmail/possible-tfc-modpack/issues/1) [^1]
 - The electrum, constantan, and lead [ingot, sheet, double ingot,](https://github.com/Notenoughmail/possible-tfc-modpack/commit/8e3d8378c364dc8ccdf3349d78c08a482fcb06e7) and [rod](https://github.com/Notenoughmail/possible-tfc-modpack/tree/main/kubejs/assets/immersiveposts/textures/items) textures are based on VV's items using UE's colors for those materials
 - In the track retextures, the ties are based off of IE's concrete and treated wood blocks/items and the rails use VV's steel palette
 - The rocket sound is from NASA, found [here](https://www.nasa.gov/audio-and-ringtones/), direct link [here](https://www.nasa.gov/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/590189main_ringtone_131_launchNats.mp3)
 
 [^1]: UE's colors were not used as it does not touch the block, and blocks and items tend to have somewhat different coloring
